docs: update blobstream to SP1 version from Blobstream X (#1680)
celestiaorg/docs: developers/blobstream.md

but Blobstream offers a more decentralized, secure, and scalable solution
compared to the potential centralized nature of DACs.

## What is SP1 Blobstream?

> SP1 Blobstream is the latest implementation of Blobstream X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SP1 Blobstream](https://github.com/succinctlabs/sp1-blobstream) is the latest implementation of Blobstream
```

Author: I was using "SP1 Blobstream is an implementation of [Blobstream X](https://github.com/succinctlabs/blobstreamx) in Rust for the SP1 zkVM." because it is from the Overview of https://github.com/succinctlabs/sp1-blobstream?tab=readme-ov-file#overview

Is it incorrect to say "SP1 Blobstream is the latest implementation of Blobstream? cc @ratankaliani

Author: I changed both instances to @rach-id's suggestion:

```
[SP1 Blobstream](https://github.com/succinctlabs/sp1-blobstream) is the latest implementation of Blobstream
in Rust using the [SP1](https://github.com/succinctlabs/sp1) zkVM.
```

> in Rust for the SP1 zkVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Rust using the [SP1](https://github.com/succinctlabs/sp1) zkVM.
```
